feat(serverless): add more entries in faq/troubleshooting (#3477)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/containers/concepts.mdx

A container's privacy policy defines whether a container may be invoked anonymously (**public**) or only via an authentication mechanism provided by the [Scaleway API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/serverless-containers/#authentication) (**private**).

## Sandbox

> Is the isolation aera for your container. v2 is recommended for faster cold starts while v1 is legacy sandboxing with slower cold starts and supports full Linux syscall interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is the isolation area for your container. v2 is recommended for faster cold starts, while v1 is legacy sandboxing with slower cold starts and fully supports Linux syscall interface.
```

> Is the isolation aera for your container. v2 is recommended for faster cold starts while v1 is legacy sandboxing with slower cold starts and supports full Linux syscall interface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A sandbox is an isolation area for your container. Serverless Containers offer two sandboxing environments:
- **v2** - Recommended for faster cold starts.
- **v1** - Legacy sandboxing with slower cold start, but fully supports Linux system call interface.
```

A container's privacy policy defines whether a container may be invoked anonymously (**public**) or only via an authentication mechanism provided by the [Scaleway API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/serverless-containers/#authentication) (**private**).

## Sandbox

A sandbox is an isolation area for your container. Serverless Containers offer two sandboxing environments:
- **v2** - Recommended for faster cold starts.

> - **v1** - Legacy sandboxing with slower cold start, but fully supports Linux system call interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **v1** - Legacy sandboxing with slower cold starts, but fully supports Linux system call interface.
```
